toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
toFrontX: nem található folyamat
fromFrontX: nem található folyamat
workRc: line 29: kill: (14440) - No such process
workRc: line 29: kill: (14443) - No such process
